archive documentation: update (#1249)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/online_docs/templates/mkdocs/docs/archive.md

### Bundling

> Optional, but highly recommended:

Author: ```suggestion
Optional, but be aware that upload to an archive system should be in average well above 1GB per file:
```

> (optional, but highly recommended) Preperate the data by merging multiple files/folders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional, but highly recommended:
Prepare the data by merging multiple files/folders
```

Prepare the data by merging multiple files/folders
 into one compressed **tar** file.

Here are two options available

a) data is compressed

the data can be bundled and *compressed* at the same time
```
   dm-user $ tar -czvf /groups/[group]/[prm0X]/projects/project-x.tar.gz /groups/[group]/[prm0X]/projects/x/*
```
this will result (in comparison with the option b) in
 - taking longer to compress and decompress the files
 - smaller .tar.bz file - so less storage consumed on both prm and remote archive
 - taking less time to upload the file to the remote archive storage

b) or it can be simply bundled without compression
```
   dm-user $ tar -cvf /groups/[group]/[prm0X]/projects/project-x.tar /groups/[group]/[prm0X]/projects/x/*
```

this will result (in comparison to the option a)
 - in faster creation and possibly later extraction of the .tar file
 - but it will use more disk space both on prm and archive
 - and it will take longer to copy the entire file to the archive and back

### Local checksum

> (highly recommended) Create a checksum of the file. This _fingerprint_ can

Author: ```suggestion
Create a checksum of the file. This _fingerprint_ can
```

> (highly recommended) Creata a checksum of the file data content. This _fingerprint_ can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(highly recommended) Creata a checksum of the file. This _fingerprint_ can
```

> when downloading it back, that it was correctly restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(highly recommended) Create a checksum of the file. This _fingerprint_ can
be checked later to verify that the file was successfully uploaded to the archive and that it was correctly restored when when downloading it back from the archive.
```

```
   dm-user $ sha256sum /groups/[group]/[prm0X]/projects/project-x.tar.gz > /groups/[group]/[prm0X]/projects/project-x.tar.gz.sha256sum
```

> To expedite the checksum verification process on the remote storage side, it is

Author: ```suggestion
Checksum verification process on the remote storage side supports only **`sha256sum`**
```

> recommended to use **`sha256sum`** for making a fingerprint.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> In order to speed up the checkup process when checking on the remote storage side, it is
> recommended to use **`sha256sum`** for making a fingerprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expedite the checksum verification process on the remote storage side, it is
recommended to use **`sha256sum`** for making a fingerprint.
```

### Uploading

Upload of the file(s) to the archive
```
   dm-user $ cp /groups/[group]/[pmp0X]/project-x.tar /groups/[group]/[arc0X]/projects/project-x.tar

```

### Remote checksum

> (highly recommended) If file was copied recently, it _can be_ still on regular disks

Author: ```suggestion
If file was copied recently, it _can be_ still on regular disks
```
